Chandler	 That was an obvious joke, and I didn’t think of it. Why didn’t I think of it? The source of all my powers. Oh dear God, what have I done!
Chandler	 Jeez, man did you fall.. Hi! So ah, did ya, did-did-did ya fall high?
Chandler	 That’s-that’s my nubbin.
Chandler	 Y'know what Gunther, go ah, go ahead, I’m-I’m talking to ah. This is the part where you say your name.
Chandler	 Hey.
Chandler	 It’s kinda a ah, a third nipple kinda thing.
Chandler	 Well hello!
Chandler	 Well, y'know two regulars. And ah one that barely qualifies as... Ahh, what?
Chandler	 Oh, I hate that. I once had a thing of half and half, stole my car.
Chandler	 Ginger. I’m talking to Ginger, so....
Chandler	 You ah, you have, you have to leave, now? How come?
Chandler	 Well, that’s the best kiss I’ve had with anyone I’ve ever met in a men’s room.
Chandler	 No. No. Actually I forgot, what is the deal with that again?
Chandler	 Great. It was great. She’s ah, she’s great, great looking, great personality, she’s greatness.
Chandler	 No. No. I don’t think so.
Chandler	 Op, foot in a puddle, foot all in a puddle.
Chandler	 Nope, nope, I’d just ah, I’d rather talk to you. Yes, I do. Yes, I do have to go to the bathroom. 
Chandler	 You’re not, what do you, what do you got a bionic foot?
Chandler	 It came up.
Chandler	 I like her.
Chandler	 Well, that’s pretty much all I’m looking for from these people.
Chandler	 All right listen, I have to go to the bathroom, but if the place with the big fish comes up again. I’d like know whether that’s several big fish or just one big fish.
Chandler	 No, really you’re gonna freeze.
Chandler	 Actually he’s the smallest person in the world.
Chandler	 Oh yes! Just had me a little nubbin-ectomy. Yep! Two nipples, no waiting.
Chandler	 Joey told you about the leg, huh?
Chandler	 The doctor.
Chandler	 Yeah, we’re gonna have to get you out of those shoes.
Chandler	 Oh God, it freaked me out. Okay, I know it shouldn’t have, but it did. I mean I like her, I don’t want to stop seeing her, but every so often it’s like ‘Hey, y'know what, where’s your leg?’ I mean I’m the smallest person in the world aren’t I? I’m the smallest person in the world.
Chandler	 No. This is just part of a dare devil game that I play called ‘wait until the last moment before I burst and die.’